CUDA allows software developers and software engineers to use a CUDA-enabled graphics processing unit (GPU) for general purpose processing – an approach termed GPGPU (General-Purpose computing on Graphics Processing Units).
The CUDA platform is a software layer that gives direct access to the GPU's virtual instruction set and parallel computational elements, for the execution of compute kernels.
In software engineering, rubber duck debugging is a method of debugging code.
The name is a reference to a story in the book The Pragmatic Programmer in which a programmer would carry around a rubber duck and debug their code by forcing themselves to explain it, line-by-line, to the duck.
Many other terms exist for this technique, often involving different (usually) inanimate objects, or pets such as a dog or a cat.
Notable definitions of software engineering include:

"the systematic application of scientific and technological knowledge, methods, and experience to the design, implementation, testing, and documentation of software"—The Bureau of Labor Statistics—IEEE Systems and software engineering – Vocabulary
"
The application of a systematic, disciplined, quantifiable approach to the development, operation, and maintenance of software"—IEEE Standard Glossary of Software Engineering Terminology
"an engineering discipline that is concerned with all aspects of software production"—Ian Sommerville
"the establishment and use of sound engineering principles in order to economically obtain software that is reliable and works efficiently on real machines"—Fritz Bauer
"a branch of computer science that deals with the design, implementation, and maintenance of complex computer programs"—Merriam-Webster
A jump server, jump host or jump box is a system on a network used to access and manage devices in a separate security zone.
A jump server is a hardened and monitored device that spans two dissimilar security zones and provides a controlled means of access between them.
The most common example is managing a host in a DMZ from trusted networks or computers.
In computing, hardening is usually the process of securing a system by reducing its surface of vulnerability, which is larger when a system performs more functions; in principle a single-function system is more secure than a multipurpose one.
Reducing available ways of attack typically includes changing default passwords, the removal of unnecessary software, unnecessary usernames or logins, and the disabling or removal of unnecessary services.
In computer security, a DMZ or demilitarized zone (sometimes referred to as a perimeter network or screened subnet) is a physical or logical subnetwork that contains and exposes an organization's external-facing services to an untrusted, usually larger, network such as the Internet.
The purpose of a DMZ is to add an additional layer of security to an organization's local area network (LAN):
an external network node can access only what is exposed in the DMZ, while the rest of the organization's network is firewalled.
The DMZ functions as a small, isolated network positioned between the Internet and the private network and, if its design is effective, allows the organization extra time to detect and address breaches before they would further penetrate into the internal networks.
In computer programming, assembly language (or assembler language),[1] often abbreviated asm, is any low-level programming language in which there is a very strong correspondence between the instructions in the language and the architecture's machine code instructions.[2] Because assembly depends on the machine code instructions, every assembly language is designed for exactly one specific computer architecture.
Assembly language may also be called symbolic machine code.[3][4]
Assembly code is converted into executable machine code by a utility program referred to as an assembler.
The conversion process is referred to as assembly, as in assembling the source code.
Assembly language usually has one statement per machine instruction (1:1), but comments and statements that are assembler
directives,[5] macros,[6][1] and symbolic labels of program and memory locations are often also supported.
The term "assembler" is generally attributed to Wilkes, Wheeler and Gill in their 1951 book
The preparation of programs for an electronic digital computer,[7] who, however, used the term to mean "a program that assembles another program consisting of several sections into a single program".[8]

Each assembly language is specific to a particular computer architecture and sometimes to an operating system.[9]
However, some assembly languages do not provide specific syntax for operating system calls, and most assembly languages can be used universally with any operating system, as the language provides access to all the real capabilities of the processor, upon which all system call mechanisms ultimately rest.
In contrast to assembly languages, most high-level programming languages are generally portable across multiple architectures but require interpreting or compiling, a much more complicated task than assembling.
The computational step when an assembler is processing a program is called assembly time.
In computer programming and software design, code refactoring is the process of restructuring existing computer code—changing the factoring—without changing its external behavior.
Refactoring is intended to improve the design, structure, and/or implementation of the software (its non-functional attributes), while preserving its functionality.
Potential advantages of refactoring may include improved code readability and reduced complexity; these can improve the source code's maintainability and create a simpler, cleaner, or more expressive internal architecture or object model to improve extensibility.

